The Debian project allows some people who are not Debian developers to
maintain packages in the distribution, This package contains a keyring 
of GnuPG keys of these maintainers.

If you wanted to add this keyring to gpg, you could add this line to your
~/.gnupg/gpg.conf file:

keyring /usr/share/keyrings/debian-maintainers.gpg

The intended use of the keyring is actually by dak on the Debian archive,
when checking if an uploaded package should be accepted. More details here:
http://www.debian.org/vote/2007/vote_003

keyring maintenance
-------------------

The keyring is built and maintained by using jetring to manipulate
changesets. The source package actually contains two keyrings, an admins
keyring and the debian-maintainers keyring. Admins can add new people to
either keyring.

To submit an applicant to be added to the debian-maintainers keyring, mail the
admins a jetring changeset that adds the applicant's key. A sample.changeset
file is provided for your reference/copying. The admins will check that:

* The applicant acknowledges Debian's social contract, free software
  guidelines, and machine usage policies.
* That the applicant has a valid gpg key, signed by a Debian developer (and
  preferably connected to the web of trust by multiple paths).
* That at least one Debian developer (preferably more) is willing to advocate
  the applicant's inclusion, in particular that the applicant is technically
  competent and good to work with.

To aid in these checks, please provide all the necessary data in the
changeset or in your mail.

Fill in the Advocates field with data demonstrating that DDs have adovcated
the applicant. The easiest way is linking to the applicant's page on
nm.debian.org, if they are also in the New Maintainer process, and have an
advocate there. Alternatively, use a link to an advocacy message posted to
debian-newmaint or anther relevant public mailing list.

Likewise, if the applicant has a page on nm.debian.org, then they have
already filled out the form at <https://nm.debian.org/newnm.php>,
indicating they they agree with the social contract, DFSG, and other
relevant policy. If the applicant doesn't have such a page, and doesn't
want to apply to NM, a signed statement to the same effect can be included
with their DM application.
